# Mistakes to Avoid

> **Module:** THREADS DIARY
> **Original URL:** https://www.skool.com/aica/classroom/ced0fc8f?md=666ed43b604b4ab0b921161cea43d285
> **Has Video:** ✅

---

## Content

Mistakes to Avoid - THREADS DIARY · AI Creator Academy™

## 🎬 Video Transcript

<details>
<summary>Click to expand transcript</summary>

One of the common mistakes I see people make is they're writing large posts with a lot of emojis and putting a link immediately in that post. So 99.99% of the cases, this kind of post will maybe get one like if you're lucky. It simply won't do anything. You're just wasting your time. Next, don't ever put links in your first thread. Put links, ideally, in your third thread after you've handled some kind of objection, provided some value, or basically showed people transformation and help them understand why this could be something they should be curious about. So when you evoke their curiosity, this is when you provide a link, not in the first thread. I'm also pretty sure that threads have some kind of algorithm that if you put a link in your first line, it's probably not going to perform really well. So don't ever do that. Next, never talk badly about any other product just to get attention for your own. And I don't care if it's ICA you're selling or whatever. Yes, this could make you more sales that very moment, but in the long run, you're building a bad reputation for yourself. Your brand will become based on bashing others, and you're simply creating a bad environment on threads. And this is not what ICA is about. ICA is about supporting everyone, uplifting everyone, and helping everyone. Even if we know for a fact that we have some better methods than other people, we're not going to put others down just to promote ICA. Now of course, out of thousands of people listening to that, it's probably going to be a few bad eggs. And this is not because ICA is teaching that. It's simply because it's just numbers. Not every single person can have good intentions out of thousands of people joining ICA. But I just want to make this clear here. We want to create a positive environment for everyone. It doesn't matter if they're inside ICA or not, because this is not just helping to make sure your personal brand is on point, but also is creating a good image about ICA. Okay? Next. I'm not saying that this is happening because it's not, but just want to make it clear here. If you put someone else down just to present ICA as superior, you will lose access to ICA. We work really hard to make sure that ICA as a brand is becoming stronger and stronger day by day, and we will not allow anyone to destroy that. Because here, I am not just protecting my own business. I am protecting a business of every single ICA affiliate. ICA as a product is too good and can get enough attention by showcasing its strength. We do not need to use these bashing methods, like some other people are doing, to promote our product. Next. We focus on providing connection, providing value, and connecting with other people. I'd say if you want to make money on threads, or get leads from threads, or make sure that people from threads go to your Instagram, 70% of posts should be about making money or showcasing some kind of testimonial result of your own. And 30% should be something about showing who you are as a person, so that they can actually connect with you. We will talk more about this inside the sleep selling module, where you basically have to share your story to become relatable. Because if you are just talking about making money, or if you are just talking about AI, you are not connecting with your audience. The only way to connect with your audience is if they actually know you. And the way for them to know you is by you sharing things about you. Your thoughts, your opinions, your doubts, your losses, your wins, your struggles. So, this is very important. If you want me to expand more on some things related to thread strategies, I would be happy to. I think threads can be an extremely, extremely powerful platform. At the moment of recording this, I have only around 3,000 followers on threads. But as I said, I know for a fact that I had a lot of sales coming from threads. So please use it. But don't use it if you can't split your focus into different platforms. That's why I simply don't use threads as a business platform. Like I already explained to you, I just use it as my diary. But if you have a little bit of extra time, you can definitely use threads. And make sure that you utilize all this stuff that we talked about here. Okay? So, thank you so much. Good luck with your threads. And if there's anything else you want me to cover about threads, I would be happy to. See you in another module.


</details>

