# From $0 to $100k: My Personal Strategy

> **Module:** INSTA MASTERY
> **Original URL:** https://www.skool.com/aica/classroom/cee6cd66?md=21a4354af216490eb58305fbf639d46f
> **Has Video:** ✅

---

## Content

From $0 to $100k: My Personal Strategy - INSTA MASTERY · AI Creator Academy™

## 🎬 Video Transcript

<details>
<summary>Click to expand transcript</summary>

This lesson right here, if you take it seriously, will make you a lot of money because it has been my main focus this entire time. You need to decide who you are creating content for. Are you creating content just for the sake of going viral? Are you creating content just to get likes so you can feel better about yourself? Or are you creating content that actually speaks to a specific group of people and solving a specific problem that that group of people have? And this is something that is so underrated that it's absolutely mind-blowing. Your target audience. Who is your target audience? Who is it that you are trying to reach? Who is it that you are speaking to? Who is the person you are trying to help? What kind of struggles do people who you are trying to help have? This is something I cannot answer for you. This is something you have to answer for yourself. But you need to decide right now, right here, who is your target audience? If you are inside ICA and you are basically promoting ICA, selling ICA, however you want to call it, and you are making money by people joining ICA, that means that you are selling to people, or that means that people who are buying from you are people who want to create their avatar so they can also make money selling digital products. So is this your target audience? I'm asking you. I don't know. Who is your target audience? Because your messaging might be mixed. Maybe you are talking a little bit about making money online. Maybe you are talking a little bit about creating cool AI videos. Maybe you are talking about stay-at-home moms selling digital products. Maybe you are talking about you want to achieve freedom. So I don't know what you are talking about or who your target audience is, but the more clear or defined your target audience is, the more money you are going to make. And here is why. My target audience from day one of creating this account has been faceless creators who feel invisible and helping faceless creators create AI avatar that can help them to stand out and sell digital products. This is extremely specific and super direct messaging. Why is this so important? Because the clearer your target audience is, or maybe we can better say your ideal client is, the more defined your ideal client is, the easier you are going to have time to actually create content and to offer solutions and to make money. The reason this is so important is because once you know who your target audience is, you know exactly what they struggle with. You know their pain points. You know the obstacles they are going through, right? And then if you have a product that can solve these obstacles, that can solve these problems, that can handle these objections or struggles they have, you can offer that product as a solution. But if you don't know who your target audience is, then you don't know what their struggles are. And then no matter what you offer, it's not going to land. It's not going to connect. And this has been my number one key to making $100,000 in 45 days. I am super specific about who am I helping. I'm helping faceless creators create their own AI avatar that can help them sell their digital products because this is going to help them stand out from the masses, become visible, become heard, share their message, and make money. Whenever I'm creating content, I am not thinking about myself. I'm thinking about that one person who is a faceless creator who is struggling to make money online. And I'm thinking about their struggles. I'm writing my captions. I'm making my reels. I'm writing my stories the way I know I can hit their pain points. That's why I'm showing how much money I made the day before every single day because I know they didn't. That's why I'm showing how much money I've made when I was sleeping because I know that that is their goal and this is not their reality. That is why I'm every other day basically showing the progress of saying in this amount of days I replaced myself with AI and this is how much I've made because I know that they are watching and I know that they want to have these results because they are also creating the same content but they don't have the same numbers as me. That's why I'm always the most passionate when sharing brand new testimonials of people who got inside ICA and made money as fast as possible because I know that this can be a trigger for them because they want to have the same results. So everything I do is strategic in terms of the way I write stuff, the way I post stuff, the way I create stuff, okay? It's something I struggled so much to actually figure out and it took me years and years because I didn't really think that this is important. If you have ever been listening to some kind of training on Instagram or some kind of training on selling and so on, you know that that's the thing. You need to have your own ideal customer, right? But I didn't really understand it so well until I actually had been told by my team about this. From day one, when we started Maddy Cobra Account, we have been implementing this very simple but very powerful rule and that is knowing who your target audience is, understanding their pain points and then hitting those pain points every single day in every single story, in every single reel, in every single caption, every single time. And that's why I've made $100,000 in the last 45 days. Now, by knowing that, you might still struggle to understand who your target audience is but maybe this can help you. Your target audience are people who are like you. So think about who you are. What are your passions? What are your interests? What drives you? And this is probably going to be your target audience. Or another way to think about it is if you already have some success, you can think that your target audience is you from the past. What were you struggling with before you reached this success? What were your main struggles before you got to this point? What did you have to overcome in order to get to where you are? So basically, your ideal customer in this case is going to be your younger version of yourself, your not so experienced version of yourself. For example, if you are a mom, a stay-at-home mom with a little kid and you don't have a lot of time because you have to keep watching your kid play or not to fall or whatever, probably your target audience are also going to be moms because you can create content that speaks directly to them and since you are a busy mom or stay-at-home mom, you know exactly what your struggles are. That way, you know exactly what their struggles are and therefore, you can offer a product or a solution that can help overcome those struggles. So probably, your struggles in this case are not having enough time. So you want to have something to make money online without investing too much time or maybe you are a stay-at-home mom, you don't really have your own things running for you. You always depend on what your husband gives you or something else and you are basically not independent. So you know the struggles, you know the things you are trying to reach and therefore, you know the pain points your similar or same target audience has and if you just talk about that and if you talk about the product that can actually solve these issues, you will have sales. You will make money. If you are someone like me who doesn't have kids, who is working a 9 to 5, who has to wake up every day 4 or 5 in the morning to go to the job, to be there for 8 hours and then to drive back home, come tired, exhausted, pretty much dead, then you know what your pain points are. You know what your struggles are. One of them is you don't want that anymore. You don't want to be a slave to your job. You want to get out of this situation because it turns out all I have been working for the past decade was just to pay my bills and survive. I didn't really move anywhere. I didn't do anything. I didn't see anything. I have had such a beautiful river next to me and over the last two years I have been so much in my head with so many problems, just everything pressing me and crushing me. I didn't even go out for a walk next to this beautiful river until recently. So please don't take this lightly because I would say that this is the first part of creating a business flow that makes you money. You need to have your target audience written down. You need to know exactly who it is. You need to know exactly what the pain points are and usually your target audience is going to be people who are like you because when you speak to people who are like you you know what they are going through and then you can become relatable. If you become relatable people will start to like you and trust you and when people like you and trust you, this is when you make sales. It doesn't matter how good your product is, it doesn't matter how good your messaging is, it doesn't matter how good your reels are. If people don't like you, trust you and know you, you will not make sales and the way for people to like you, trust you and know you is by you sharing your struggles, sharing your wins, sharing what you overcome, sharing what you achieved, documenting your journey, sharing your thoughts, but strategically speaking to your target audience because in this case the target audience is going to be people like you because that's the same thing in my case. My target audience are people like me. I have been a faceless creator for years trying to make money through faceless content and I struggled because I didn't have clear messaging. I didn't define my target audience. I was jumping from one thing to the next, hoping to make some quick buck, hoping from trend to trend, see what is trending, see what is selling and trying to make some quick buck, but it wasn't working and that yes, I've made some money, but I was still a slave to my work, to my job and this leads me to the next big piece of a puzzle that I believe was key for why I've made a hundred K in the last 45 days and that's branding and having a clear offer. So let's talk about that in the next lesson.


</details>

