# Storytelling That Sells

> **Module:** INSTA MASTERY
> **Original URL:** https://www.skool.com/aica/classroom/cee6cd66?md=f7fae1b0a0a745d4ad6599415d262346
> **Has Video:** ✅

---

## Content

Storytelling That Sells - INSTA MASTERY · AI Creator Academy™

## 🎬 Video Transcript

<details>
<summary>Click to expand transcript</summary>

There are a couple of things I'm doing in my stories every single day, and if you have been following me for a while, you know exactly what they are. So basically what I like to do, and not just with my stories, but with my reels as well, I like to document my journey. And I like to document my journey with the numbers I'm producing. Because inside digital marketing, this has been the number one proven way to actually make more money, by you showing how you make money, and by you showing your progress. So for example, if you just started out, you could start your first reel with saying, hey, this is my day one of this account, here is what I made so far, and it's basically zero dollars, right? This is how I started. And since then, I have been documenting my entire journey on threads, on Instagram, on stories, and I put everything inside my highlights. And this is one thing that I'm doing still every single day, and it's one thing that I will continue doing every single day. Every time I wake up, I post how much I've made the day before. If you don't have sales yet, you can post about other wins. How many followers you got overnight, how many leads, new milestones, and reel views, and followers, anything that is related to growth. Every time I have some notification sales, I put that on the story. Every time there is some new testimonial inside ICA, I put that on my story. Every time something good happened to me, I put it on the story. Every time something bad happened to me that could later on maybe be related or could be related to ICA and this business model, I put it on my story. I also check threads because there are a lot of you talking about ICA and sharing your experience over there, so sometimes I include that too. So I'm basically not thinking about stories like usually what people think about, which is basically a common strategy just to post three to five stories a day to not get too low of views in order to reach the more people of your audience, right? This has not been my strategy, and I mean, if you've been following me for a while, you already know that I have 30, 40, 50, sometimes even more than 80 active stories a day. And what I've noticed is that people who like your stuff, people who like you, people who like what you are doing, they will follow you and watch you no matter what. And just because you can post one story and get, for example, 10,000 views and me posting 100 stories and get 500 views doesn't mean you will make more sales because those 500 people who actually saw all of my 100 stories are more likely to buy something from me than these 10,000 people who saw one story from you. Because within one story, you cannot provide any additional value. You can maybe grab attention. You can maybe say about some results. You can maybe flex with something, but you cannot really make people to buy something from you. You can only do that by providing value, by handling objections, by solving some issues, by showing the transformations, by hitting their pain points, by sharing your story, by documenting your journey, by getting people to know you like you and trust you like we already talked about. And you cannot get people to like you, know you, and trust you if you actually don't talk about yourself, about your journey, about your struggles, about the things you are going through and about the achievements you are making, right? Below the video, you will find some story sequences that I believed made good results for me because I noticed that after these story sequences, I had increased number of sales. So maybe you can use some of these as an example for your own stories, for your own branding, for your own accounts, okay? Just make sure that with stories, you are using stories to actually tell a story, right? That's why they are called stories and this is where the sales happen. Unfortunately, I cannot tell you what percentage of sales I've made through reels directly and what was through stories because there is no data on that really. But what I can tell you is that I'm 100% sure that I've made more sales through links in stories than through my videos going viral. Because even if the video went viral, those people just clicked follow. They didn't actually bought anything at first, at least most of them didn't. What they did is they clicked follow and then they were watching for a couple days to see what is going on, to get more information, to see, okay, is this just some other product or is this actually something that could help me? Because one thing you have to understand when it comes to selling online is that people don't care about your product. People don't care about you or what you do. They only care about whether what you are selling can actually help them or not. And this is why we have over 1300 members inside ICA in basically just less than a month because people see the possibilities this can do for them. I know you see me using stories a lot and probably more than I maybe should, but if there's one thing I want you to do on your stories in order to make sales is to have a clear strategy when it comes to posting stories. You don't have to do everything I'm doing, but you do have to do specific things. So in order to make sales on stories, you need to follow basically the same rules that comes to creating reels and that is to get attention first, provide value or solve a problem and then to give a call to action. So this is something we are going to talk in future lessons about reels. But now let's talk about this for stories. So basically what you want to do is you want to have your story or the beginning of story sequence to have something that grabs the attention. It either has to be some kind of poll with a simple yes or no option that is basically going to divide the audience in order for them to click either yes or no or some kind of bold statement that is going to provoke curiosity for them to actually continue watching your stories. Then on the next stories or a couple of stories, you should handle some kind of objection. You should tell about some kind of transformation or you should provide some value in basically explaining to the viewer why this product can be beneficial for them. You basically want to trigger the pain points that your audience has in order to actually get them curious about your product. Then once you've done that, then you paste your link. Not before because just pasting your link in the stories makes no difference than sending out links automatically when they comment the word AI. If this works, then I would just say to you, just make sure that you have all your videos saying comment the word AI and automation will take care of the rest. But it's not how it works. You need to provide more value. You need to handle more objections. You need to hit more pain points, basically explaining them why this product could be beneficial for them. And then you provide the CTA. And this kind of setup, this kind of strategy when it comes to creating story sequences really increased our sales. Take a look at some of the story examples I've posted below. And if you have any questions about stories, how to sell more on stories, we will make more lessons on this. For now, I think this should be enough for you to get going in the right direction. For example, a smart move right now would be once you finish watching this module to jump on your stories and share your experience. Talk about what you've learned, how it helped you, and whether it was valuable or not. Documenting your journey is one thing, but keeping your audience updated in real time with what's actually happening is just as important. What's happening with ICA? What's new? Sharing these updates keeps your audience in the loop and builds trust. And especially if you've been talking for days about this new module dropping, now's the time to give your review. Not just for the sake of posting stories or tagging me, but to follow through on what you said you'd do. By the way, please tag me when you do. I'd love to see it and share it with my audience too. You can do this with every single new module or lesson we release. Just share the journey, the updates, the progress ICA is making, and how it's helping you. That's how you keep your audience engaged and involved.


</details>

