# Multi-Characters

> **Module:** MULTIVERSE
> **Original URL:** https://www.skool.com/aica/classroom/be60be82?md=047f22cb80dd4861934c581b7a15ec9e
> **Has Video:** ✅

---

## Content

[Try Here](https://openart.ai/home?via=aica)

**Disclaimer:**
Always ask for permission before using someone else’s AI avatar or AI twin in your images and videos.

**Do not use other people’s characters without consent.** AI avatars and AI Twins belong to their creators or owners, who have the right to control how they are used.

# Update:

- Instead of Nano Banana, you can now use **Nano Banana PRO** for even more realistic results.

- You can now choose the output ratio regardless of the ratio of the images you upload.

**Reminder:**
If you want to create videos from images, make sure all characters in the image are either looking at the camera or have clearly visible facial features. This helps video models preserve their real facial features. Video models don’t have data about your or anyone else’s characters, they only work with the base image you provide.

**Feel free to use my images **as long as you create Madi in Madi's spirit. Here is in image you can use. Please also make sure Madi looks like herself in the final result.**💕**

## 🎬 Video Transcript

<details>
<summary>Click to expand transcript</summary>

In this video I'm going to show you how to combine multiple characters, multiple avatars into one single image. There are a couple of ways to do it, but a new update inside OpenArt just made all of our lives so much easier. Especially mine, because I would have to teach you that. But now, because of this new update, this is so simple that this video could be done in a minute. But I'm just going to expand it a bit to give you some more tips. So what you want to do is go to Image, and here you want to switch the image model to Nano Banana. This image model is from Google and it's absolutely incredible because it's not just about the prompts that you have to write the prompt in order to generate the image. You can also treat this prompt box like Chat GPT. So basically, the way you speak to Chat GPT, you can also speak with this software here like that as well. I'll show you what I mean. So here on the bottom we have Omni Reference. Here you can upload up to four images, and then with the prompt you can combine these images into one. And here under Advanced Settings, at the moment there's nothing. It's only the upscale option, which I don't really use, and number of images, which I always put on four because I want to be done as fast as possible with what I'm trying to create. Okay? And this model is going to cost you 15 credits per image. So it's a bit more expensive, but I feel like it's 100% worth it because Nano Banana image model listens to the prompt extremely well. It's really good with brands, logos, text, numbers, and with basically real-life backgrounds. It is also an extremely smart image generation model that can read your image really well and make adjustments as you please. So I absolutely love it. The way you do it is you click here and you upload an image of any character you want to combine the image with. So what I'm going to do now is I'm going to take an image of myself, and I'm also going to add some images from some of you guys because I asked you to give me some of your portrait images so we can try and test. So I can show you how easy and simple this is, and also I asked you what you want us to do on the image. So let's start with Alex, and I'm just going to show you a couple of examples as I go, and then all the others that I already created. So now we have both of us here. So you can literally just write something like, make them in London having fun, or something like, they are in London having fun, or they are in London wearing short summer clothes, close-up portrait. So I just did three different prompts just to show you the variations. What I noticed with Nano Banana image model is that sometimes in the busy hours in the evening, it doesn't really perform as well as it would in the morning hours. Also if you have clothes in some of your images, it's going to pick it up unless you specify differently in the prompt. But that is actually extremely good news because you can now generate multiple scenes while keeping your character exactly the same, wearing the same stuff in all scenes. I will show you that in another module. So let's see what we got here. Okay, this is absolutely amazing already. As you can see, it picked up the clothes and the handbag from the first image, and for Alex it basically generated random clothes simply because it's not really visible on the first image. But the facial features are here. I mean this is absolutely incredible. The consistency is amazing. Okay, this is super cool. This is cute. So as you can see, it pretty much nailed every single image. And here in this last four, I said they are in London wearing short clothes, close-up portrait. So maybe we can specify a little bit better because as we can see, it's only me on the image. So let's say they're in London. They're both wearing short summer clothes, close-up portrait. Let's see what we're going to get. We can also try it like this. They are in London wearing short summer clothes, close-up portrait. And let's see what we're going to get. Okay, so it's still picking up a lot from my image, the clothes. But this one is much better. Okay, it listens to this one, but the handbag is here. So if you want to make this better, you can upload an image that is literally like you guys actually gave it to me, like the portraits. So if I go and find some portrait of myself, let's see what we're going to get now. And if you write the prompt a little bit different, something like a portrait image of these two women in London. Let's see. Cute. Looks like we are a couple. This is cute as well. This is not really me. So as you can see, it's really good with facial consistency most of the time. If you want something more specific, of course, you can write better in the prompt. This was just very, very simple. If you notice that the system doesn't listen to your prompt really well, what you can do is you can write something like make an image of both of them in London wearing summer clothes. Make it close-up portrait. So this is not really a prompt how you would usually write it, right? It's basically like giving instructions to the program about what you want to happen. Of course, you can also write a regular prompt. Just make sure that you emphasize that you want to connect these two people from the Omni reference box. Okay, so let's see what we got. Yeah, this is cool. Okay, this one I absolutely love. Cute. Okay, super good. So super, super simple. Let me just show you one more example with an image that is not 9 by 16. So one very important thing here to mention is that the last uploaded image has to be 9 by 16 ratio in order for images to come up in a 9 by 16 ratio, okay? So for example, if I want to make an image with Casey, since her image is 1 by 1, I need to upload that image first inside the Omni reference box. And then in the second image, I'm going to upload my own, okay? So let's see what she wanted us to do. Vacation, old money style. Oh yeah, she wanted us to be in French Riviera or Croatian seacoast. So let's make it like that. They're in Dubrovnik on vacation, old money style or old money vibe, full body shots. And let's see what we're gonna get. All right, let's see. Oh, cool. Not really me, I feel like. Okay, this is super cool. I mean, this looks like a real image, like not AI. Wow, this is super cool. I really like this one. So there you have it. It's super simple. Just play with a prompt, either make it like a regular prompt, just make sure to emphasize to connect these two people, or make it like an instruction prompt about what you want to see on the image. If you want to be specific about a certain person wearing certain stuff or doing certain stuff, make sure to write that in the prompt box as well. Also, don't forget the last uploaded image has to be 9 by 16 in order for the end image to be 9 by 16. And that's basically it. You can pretty much upload any image of the characters as long as the face is visible and the facial consistency is going to be pretty much spot on across any single image you create. I'm not sure if I want to say this yet, but I might. And that is that we might not need to create or train our character anymore. Because if you only need one portrait image of your character in order to create any kind of style images, then I feel like we don't even need to train our characters anymore. But let's see, let's give it a couple weeks to see with Nanobanana how it's going, how it's performing. And if it's going to continue like this, then we definitely don't need to train our character. We can just skip all the process and just make our face and go with that. Now I just want to show you a couple more examples of what I've made with some of you guys. So you can see all the different settings scenarios and what we've been able to achieve with this new image model in OpenArt. So this is me and Aurora doing yoga. This is me and Evelyn on a private jet. I mean, this is super cool with Joanna in Paris, with Kathy at home, with Leo on a beach, with Lucas in the gym, with Oliva in Oslo, Norway. I mean, look at these images. This is just incredible. With Oluwatoyin at home with the kids, with Summer hiking in Canada, and so on. You can also combine multiple characters into one image. So here we have Vanessa, we have Emily, we have Nala, and we have me. Of course, this logo can be erased, so it can just be written AICA. With Freya in Santorini, with Emily in Dubai, with Lulu at home playing board games, and here is one more with Alex in London. So as you can see, they're pretty much spot on. I will make one very important disclaimer below, so please read it, have fun, and I can't wait to see what you create.


</details>

## 🔗 Resources

- [Try Here](https://openart.ai/home?via=aica)

