# Text To Image

> **Module:** AI AVATAR LAB
> **Original URL:** https://www.skool.com/aica/classroom/abb0b912?md=28259fdd81be457f8efc82b47484c9a2
> **Has Video:** ✅

---

## Content

Text To Image - AI AVATAR LAB · AI Creator Academy™

## 🎬 Video Transcript

<details>
<summary>Click to expand transcript</summary>

Now when you have your AI avatar ready, I want to show you in this video how to actually create images with it, how the basic prompting works, and how to do text to image. Go to image button here, click create image, and we are going to choose Nano Banana Pro. You can experiment with other models like SeaDream 4.0, but I personally use Nano Banana. We are going to upload the best image of our avatar right here inside the Omni reference box. In my case, I'm using this image of Maddie. We are going to choose output ratio 9 by 16. If you want, you can increase the resolution to 1k, 2k, 4k. Honestly, I don't see much of a difference, so I usually just stick with 1k or 2k. The credits are the same for these two. And now inside the prompt reference box, you can basically just start typing what you want to see. In this video, I'm going to show you basic prompting with just a couple of different image variations. Stuff like a POV from a selfie view, or mirror selfie, or regular images like these ones. So let's start from a POV selfie mode. So the way to actually create selfie style images, and I'm just going to keep it very very simple, you have to start your prompt by saying POV from a front selfie camera taken with one hand by that woman. We want to refer to our character as that woman, or that man, or that person. I mean, you can also write by a woman, but this is just personally how I like to do it. I like to refer to my uploaded image as that character, okay? And now you can continue with whatever you want to create. The less details you write, the more it's going to pick up from this image. So for example, if I don't mention the clothes, it's probably going to be what she's wearing here, which is a white tube top. However, also the less detailed you make it, the more different variations of images you're going to get. So let me show you an example. We can say something like, she's in her modern luxury living room, hair and ponytail, wearing light pink tank top. So we can keep it very basic, and let's create two images. Now this image model is really really smart, you'll see now why I said that. It's basically understanding the environment where your character is. So for example, if we go here, we can see that in this image there are no lights, so automatically she is more like natural toned. While here, from these lights above, she's more like saturated, more color. So as I said, the less details you put in the prompt, the more variety of the actual image you are going to get, which is actually not a bad thing. And this is how I like to create my own content. I don't really like to put a lot of stuff here, because I like the unpredictability, if that makes sense. So as we can see, this is POV style. Now let me show you the mirror selfie style. Mirror selfie of that woman standing in front of the mirror. She is in her modern luxury villa, holding a light pink iPhone 16 Pro in her hand. She has long light pink nails, and holding that phone. As you can see, the way I structured my sentence is not actually the most optimal, or even how people maybe speak. But this just shows how smart this image model is. Whatever you put here is what it is going to create. So for example, we can also write something like, she's smiling. So now she's going to smile. We can also write, she is wearing black leggings and a light pink crop top. So let's see what we're going to get. As you can see, in this prompt, we didn't mention the hair. So that means it should pick up the hair how it is right here in this uploaded image. And just to show you how this image actually looks like, it's this image, okay? The reason I picked half body image as my main image is simply because I want hair length to be fully visible, so I don't have to specify every time in the prompt about her hair. But also because I want to show the body shape. So let's see what we're going to get. Perfect. She's in her villa. We didn't specify the room, so it placed her in the bathroom. But basically, all the details are here. We can see the phone, the nails, the smile, the long hair, crop top, black leggings, and mirror selfie. And the third style of images is the basic style, which is the image of someone else taking a photo of her. You can just start typing what you want to see. So we can write something like, a full body shot of that woman getting ready for a dinner. She's wearing a fitted red dress and red high heels, hair in a sleek ponytail. So let's see what we're going to get. By the way, if you want to create a full body image, but you don't specify what she is wearing on her feet, sometimes the software will create an image from knees up. So that is the reason why I mentioned red high heels here. So I make sure that I get full body image. Another thing that is very important here to mention is that you can also direct what kind of angle you want. So for example, do you want from the side? Do you want from the front? Do you want from the back? What you want to see on the image. As I said, this image model is really, really smart. And it's basically going to place your character automatically in the environment that makes sense for the action that you specified. So for example, we said getting ready for dinner. So that means she can be in front of the mirror, right? So it's really, really a smart image model where you don't really need to specify everything in order for the image to be created in the proper environment. But of course, the more details you give, the better. Now when it comes to realism, I want to show you why this image model is superior than others at the moment. Because as I said, it reads the environment very well. So for example, if we say something like extreme close-up of her face, she's outside, sun hitting her face, hair and ponytail. Now watch the differences. If we create this one, this is sun hitting her face. Now let's go and write something like cold and snowy and cloudy. So you'll see on three different weather variations how the face is actually going to look different based on the environment that it's in. So there is no need to specify things like ultra realism, visible pores, or adding all these details into the prompts because the image model automatically reads it perfectly. So let's see from the sun. You can see this is already perfect. Like every single detail is visible and we can see that sun is hitting her face. Same here. This is from the side. Now this is in the winter. So in the winter, of course, if you are outside for a little bit longer, you will get red cheeks, right? And maybe your lips are going to get a little bit damaged, right? So for example, before we had to put this kind of prompt to get this image and emphasize maybe red cheeks. But right now, the image model reads everything automatically. And the third one, cloudy weather. It's basically like a basic one. So the realism is on point. The character consistency is on point. All we just needed was a simple base image of our character and we already got a perfect facial and character consistency. If you want to change her body shape, you can do that too. Just type what you want to see. So this is how you do text to image. If you want to use ChatGPT for some kind of extra inspiration, of course you can. But this is it for this video. I can't wait to see your creations!


</details>

