# Tattoo Consistency

> **Module:** AI AVATAR LAB
> **Original URL:** https://www.skool.com/aica/classroom/abb0b912?md=cdab2a7460c246619e4603679548885a
> **Has Video:** ✅

---

## Content

Follow me here:

[@digitalmoneymomm](https://www.instagram.com/digitalmoneymomm)

## 🎬 Video Transcript

<details>
<summary>Click to expand transcript</summary>

Hey, you guys, it's Ashley, also known as Digital Money Mom on Instagram. I am so, so thrilled to be able to go over how to keep consistent tattoos on your avatars and twins. This training is going to be straight to the point, simple, and exactly what you guys have been looking for. So we're going to start off with showing you guys how to put a tattoo on your base image of your avatar. You're going to head over to OpenArt. We're going to go to Image on the left-hand side, and then we are going to click Create Now. And this is where we're going to be actually using Nano Banana Pro under Character. So make sure you click this on. And we're going to put, we're going to start off with putting a reference image in here. So this is going to be your base image of your avatar. I highly, highly recommend using an image like this, like where you have the exposure to the chest, the arms, like where you can see from like the waist up, that blank canvas so you can place your tattoos. Today, we're going to be going over a like shoulder chest tattoo. And we are going to get the reference image from Pinterest. So what I like to do, and I highly recommend you type this in as well, is like healed tattoo or healed chest tattoo, okay, because your tattoos are going to come out mostly when you generate it pretty, pretty bold and black and look like they were just like fresh off the press. And it doesn't look super nice. We want it to look more seasoned, as Maddie says, or healed. So I actually typed in healed chest tattoo, and I did like this one. So I downloaded it to my computer. We're going to go back over to OpenArt. And this is where we're going to upload that tattoo image under the Omni reference. So we put that healed tattoo right here. And we're simply going to write inside of this prompt box, put this healed chest tattoo on the woman in image one. That's all we're going to write. We're going to scroll down to the bottom. We're going to do the output size, nine sixteenths. I do 2K resolution, two images, bing, bam, boom. We are going to generate it. Once these generate, your image should come out like this, which looks super healed, okay? You might get it where it looks super bold and black. I did one earlier using a different software, and it came out looking like this. But if your image does come out like this, and you like the placement, and you like how it looks, you can download this image, and you can use it for future generations and use the word healed in your prompt, and it will generate to a more natural look. We're going to wait until this generates. And again, it came out with the same image, like a very healed version, which is perfect because going forward when you save this to your computer and use this base image you have for your future generations with prompts, your tattoos are going to come out very, very consistent. So, I'm going to go ahead and show you this. So I'm going to put this image in right here. Where is the healed one, right here? And I'm simply going to write, POV selfie of this girl in a luxe bathroom with greenhouse lamps, taking a mirror selfie in a cute mini denim strapless dress. Actually, I'll just write dress because that word might get triggered. And we're going to generate it. And I'm going to show you guys that this tattoo is going to stay consistent. It's going to stay healed. It's going to look really nice. This goes for any part of the body. So if you're going to do arm sleeves, leg tattoos, face tattoos, throat tattoos, it's the same process. You just want to make sure you use specific words in your prompt, like healed. Don't do season because you're going to come out looking like a turkey, I already tried that. But also using a healed tattoo as a reference photo would be nice as well because it gives it a better reference. And here we go. So now we have her in the bathroom, that one looks a little healed, she's so far away, but you can see that the tattoos are there, right? Let's see what this one looks like. Like perfect. It's perfect. Now she has those tattoos and they're consistent. Like you guys, it's very straight to the point, simple and easy, super cute. And then also you guys can go over, you can use Pinterest as your reference, or you can simply go to chat GPT and we can do this together as well. So let's go to chat GPT, create me a pretty chest tattoo prompt for my avatar. And then I would simply just go in like this. And we're going to do this together guys with just a prompt and no reference photo besides your base image of your girl. Let's just, I mean, we can say we want it to be, let's just see what it generates on its own without giving like a flower or a dove. Let's just see if it comes up with one on its own and see what it does. I'm not even going to read it, I'm going to let this be a surprise. I'm going to prompt this into here with this girl's reference image right here, same settings and generate. All right. So this is what it came up with. So this is also an idea and it came out naturally healed. It didn't come out looking crazy bold and black. So that is another option for you guys that comes to wanting to create tattoos. And again, you always want to use that base image so that it stays consistent. And when it comes to creating like your AI or tattoos on your twin, like for example, me, we'll go back to this image of myself. So this image of myself, I already have tattoos, right? But it's just as simple. I mean, you put the image of yourself. So if you already have your AI avatar of your twin and you have tattoos on it, or you're just putting a base image of your actual self in that has tattoos, you just put your image right here and prompt it. Just prompt yourself and they should stay out completely consistent. POV of her taking a car selfie in a oversized white tee, long red nails, gold rings, kissy lips, holding up a peace sign. But you won't see my tattoos in a big tee. So let's do in a white tank top, we'll just write tank top. Let that generate. We're going to get those same tattoos on every image. So you just always want to put your base reference image of your twin in the same box and prompt it. And if you want to add a tattoo to your body, again, it's the same process as doing on your regular avatar. Find a reference image or use chat TPT and apply it into the reference box or prompt box and it will be added. And then like, let's just say like we wanted to add a tattoo on me. That final result that I got in this, I just use my base image for future generations. Obviously, I wouldn't have peace signs up. I would do it in front of a white wall with a basic outfit just so that it makes it very simple and to the point. I hope this was helpful, you guys. See ya.


</details>

## 🔗 Resources

- [@digitalmoneymomm](https://www.instagram.com/digitalmoneymomm)

