# Create Your Voice

> **Module:** LIP SYNC
> **Original URL:** https://www.skool.com/aica/classroom/62fe3e2b?md=e8fd3a5bdf5245cebceaf97fcc3bd197
> **Has Video:** ✅

---

## Content

**DFY Prompt** *(Upload your avatar image and paste the entire prompt into ChatGPT):*

I need you to create a prompt describing who my character is for ElevenLabs v3, along with how her voice should sound. Here is an example of how the prompt should look: *“An old British male with a raspy, deep voice. Professional, relaxed, and assertive.”*
I will upload an image, please analyze it and give me a fitting voice prompt.

Sign up to [Elevenlabs V3 here](https://try.elevenlabs.io/aica) 💕

List of audio tags/emotions:

[https://www.skool.com/aica/eleven-labs-for-realistic-sounds?p=5cbc6371](https://www.skool.com/aica/eleven-labs-for-realistic-sounds?p=5cbc6371)

## 🎬 Video Transcript

<details>
<summary>Click to expand transcript</summary>

Welcome to a lip-sync module! I freaking love this because it really brings your character to life. I cannot tell you how excited I am to make this module for you guys to share everything that I know about it and everything that I'm doing and that is giving me really good results. However, I'm gonna be honest here I don't really know all the stuff that's actually available or that can be made with AI voices but what I do know is I do know how to create either a clone from yourself so you can have your own voice talking and also I do know how to create a clone from some other person's voice but make sure if you do that you have their consent. And I also do know how to create a custom voice inside the Eleven Labs and this is the page that we are actually going to use. You will find a sign up link below. I know that a lot of you have heard about it already but basically inside Eleven Labs we are going to create our voice whether it's a clone, whether it's your own voice, or whether it's one from the library already existing from Eleven Labs itself or maybe you're going to create it from scratch. So this is totally up to you. In this intro lesson I'm not going to show you everything because we are going to add more stuff over time but it's actually really really simple. I'm just going to quickly show you what you can do and then we can test it out but for the purposes of this video we are actually going to create a voice from scratch because voice cloning can be really dangerous. Make sure if you're cloning someone else's voice and it's a real person make sure you really have consent. If you're cloning some AI voice then I guess it's fine but I just want to show you the safest way possible here and that would be either to create a voice from scratch or to use some voice from the library or your own. Now this module is going to be pretty huge and it's going to get pretty huge over time because there are so many possibilities not just with creating a voice but also with creating a proper lip-sync. We're going to split this module into many tiers same as we did inside AI Avatar lab because every tier is going to be more advanced and potentially even more expensive. You will see the possibilities and then it's up to you how you're going to create lip-sync. So inside this module and the later tiers you will see how actually good videos you can make with lip-sync. Now there is also a small disclaimer I have to make here and that is that there are a lot of softwares that will create solid lip-syncs and some of them are even free, some of them are paid, some of them are more professional, some of them are less. But the main thing is that a lot of them have their pros and cons. So my methods the way I do lip-sync honestly I have not seen anybody do this method. I'm not saying this is the best method I'm just using it because I didn't want my character to look stiff. I want there to be movement. I want it to be real human movements. I want to make sure that something is happening in the background as well. So with a lot of softwares that just turns an image into lip-sync and edit audio I don't really like it. So I was researching a lot and you will see my methods in future lessons. But for now in this first video for the start we will just focus on creating our voice. So let's get started. So on the left side you will see that you have a lot of options and as I said I don't know all of them but I do know what we need. So if you go to voices you will see that you already have some kind of library of different voices you can choose from. Now one good thing about Eleven Labs is the V3 and this V3 is actually giving emotions to your character. It can laugh, it can giggle, it can be excited, it can cry, it can be sad, it can be happy, it can be sarcastic, it can change the tonality, it can change the accents when it's said. So it's absolutely incredible. You will see how real it actually sounds like. So no matter what kind of voice you create you're always going to be using the V3 option. I mean you can use the regular option but it's just too boring. I think V3 is much much much better. So let me show you now what we're going to do. So first thing if you want to hand-pick some of the voices from the library that are already there you can click V3 and you can find some of the voices from here. You can preview how they sound. So if you like some of them you can basically use that voice or you can create your own. So this is what we're going to do now. We're going to create our voice. So let me show you how to do that. So here you have different steps. You can either create a voice from scratch. You can create a clone by adding a clip of for example yourself speaking for over 10 seconds or you can create a professional voice clone from you speaking for at least 30 minutes. Okay so this is going to give you the best possible results. Honestly I've never done this but I know people who have done it and they really get their voice cloned perfectly. I think this option works pretty well too. If you have at least one minute of video, audio sorry, I think it can give really good results. But for now let's go to voice design. So here you will have prompts. Basically an explanation of your person who is telling or reading the script. Okay and if you have a text preview, so if I click create generate voice, you're going to hear how it actually sounds like. So you can either play with it here. You can randomize who is actually telling or speaking the voice. Okay so this is totally up to you. You can also randomize the prompt that the voice is going to speak and you can also click settings. Here you can adjust a little bit more how you want your voice to sound like or you can just click randomize. Okay so you can describe your person or what you can also do that is a really cool trick you can go to chat GPT. For example when you have your avatars image you can just upload your image. You click create and then it's going to analyze your picture and basically come up with a prompt. Okay so what we are going to do now is we are going to say I need you to create me a prompt of who my person is and what her voice sounds like. Here is an example of how your prompt should look like. I'm going to copy this first line. I will upload an image, analyze it, and give me a prompt for my voice. Upload an image, click your avatar inside, and you can also emphasize how you want your character to sound. Is it warm? Is it harsh? Basically you can describe the voice. Let's see what you're going to get. So let's go with that one. Let's tell him to make it American. All right so this is our description of our voice. So let's put it here. Text preview. Don't worry about this. It doesn't matter what it's going to read. What matters is the tonality, the voice. So let's hear. I must say it's quite the pleasure to engage in such thoughtful conversation. I already like this one but let's check the second one. I must say it's quite the pleasure to... I don't like this one. I think if I'm creating a voice again for Maddie I would go with this. Yeah so I would choose this one. Click select. You will write whatever your name is. Let's call it test 3 because I was already testing something in the past. Let's go to language. We're going to choose English. We can click add label, accent American, add label, gender, female, age, middle age, or young. For example young. And we are going to click save voice. Now let's go to text-to-speech. Now here you will write your text that you want your character to read. So I already prepared one sentence here that I can show you how it sounds like when it laughs, when it's whispering, when it giggles, when it's excited, and so on. Now what you can do here, first of all you have to go to voice and you have to choose your voice. Test 3. Then next thing you have model. So model, this V3, this is the model with emotions. V2 is the model without emotions. Okay so let me show you how this one sounds like. I can't believe it actually worked. This is so exciting. Did you hear that? See there's not really excitement, there's no real tonality, it's just all like plain. So we don't want that. So we go to V3 and if you click enhance, it will automatically read your entire text and add tags to specific parts. So let's try it out. Okay so see it starts with surprised. It's surprised, then it's excited, and it's shouting. So let's hear it. I can't believe it actually worked. This is so exciting. Did you hear that? Okay this is not the best example because sometimes you're not going to get what you're looking for, but you always get two examples. Let's hear the next one. I can't believe it actually worked. This is so exciting. Did you hear that? Okay this one is also not good. So sometimes what you can do is when you train your voice, you can just go to the page to make it basically calibrate, or you can just come back later. This is something I noticed also when I was creating one voice. It didn't really give me anything for the first five minutes, and then all of a sudden it started to work. So let's try again. I want to actually change this text. I don't really like it. I want to show you the whole variety of abilities. So the first one, let's go with excited. Next let's go with giggles. Then let's go to whisper, and then we can just copy one of them. And let's type laughs, and let's try now. I can't believe it actually worked. This is so exciting. Did you hear that? Okay, it didn't really listen to everything. Let's try the second one. I can't believe it actually worked. Higgle a go, this is so exciting. So this is actually still pretty new technology, so you got to be patient. I can't believe it actually worked. This is so exciting. This one was a little bit better, because it actually did whisper. Let's try again. I can't believe it actually worked. This is so exciting. Did you hear that? Okay, this one did listen to us perfectly. So this is what you can get. So let's do the same thing if I choose my own voice. I can't believe it actually worked. This is so exciting. Did you hear that? You see, this is because the voice is a little bit more seasoned. So when you just create your voice, I would say leave it a bit and then test it after, let's say, 10 minutes, because sometimes what we notice is that when you create a new voice, it doesn't really give you the best results immediately, but after a while it's going to produce amazing results. And also one more thing, I think that the more you use your voice here, the better it's going to get. Maybe I'm just delusional, but I feel like it's true. Let's hear it again. I can't believe it actually worked. This is so exciting. Did you hear that? So this is how you create your voice. Now that you have your voice, let's say you want to save the first one. You've many options. So in the next video, I'm going to show you how to actually add this audio and make your character speak. So see you in the next one.


</details>

## 🔗 Resources

- [Elevenlabs V3 here](https://try.elevenlabs.io/aica)
- [https://www.skool.com/aica/eleven-labs-for-realistic-sounds?p=5cbc6371](https://www.skool.com/aica/eleven-labs-for-realistic-sounds?p=5cbc6371)

