# Lip Sync - Tier 4 v1

> **Module:** LIP SYNC
> **Original URL:** https://www.skool.com/aica/classroom/62fe3e2b?md=cac61f7062b2425595bcc89e942d175a
> **Has Video:** ✅

---

## Content

[Sign up to HeyGen here](https://www.heygen.com/?sid=rewardful&via=aica)

By using the link above, you are automatically enrolled in all future giveaways we do with HeyGen. 💕

## 🎬 Video Transcript

<details>
<summary>Click to expand transcript</summary>

In this video, I'll show you how to use HeyGen's VO 3.1 to create a super realistic lip sync with emotion and movement. So the way you do it, once you are logged into your HeyGen, you will go to Avatars. Here I already have my three. You will go to Create New, Start from a Photo, Upload a Photo, and now you will basically upload an image that you want to turn into a lip sync video. So let's say I want to use this one, Upload. Now, if this is your first time using it, you probably don't have your own character, so you will just click New Avatar. Fill out the information, like name, age, gender, ethnicity, and so on, and just click Continue. And this will save you your new avatar here. And then later on, once you do have your own avatar already inside HeyGen, you will just click on Upload here. Select your avatar, Continue, and that's it. Now your new image is added to your avatar. Once you've done that, go to Apps. If you don't see it here, click on See All. Choose VO 3.1 Avatar Video. Select your avatar, and here you have all the images that you already added to your avatar, okay? Pick the one you want to use. I'm going to choose this one. And now, if you just write a scene, a script, it will generate a random sounding voice. So here you can connect your original voice of your character that you already created on Eleven Labs. So we will click on Select a Voice. We will click on New Voice, and this is how we're going to integrate it. We're going to choose Integrate Third Party Voice. We're going to choose Eleven Labs, and now you have to paste the API key from Eleven Labs. In order to access your API key, go to Eleven Labs, go to your account, of course. Go to Developers, click on API Key. If you don't see anything here, just click on Create One. Click on three dots, Copy Key. Go back to HeyGen, paste it here, and click Confirm. So once you've done that, enable it. And now, once you click here, you can select your voice. One thing you can also do, so this can always be automated, if you go back to Avatars, choose your avatar, click three dots, click on Set Primary Voice, Manage Voices, My Voices, click on your voice, Apply. And now, every single time when you go to Apps, VO 3.1, and choose your image, the voice will automatically be saved here, okay? So now we come to the part where you have to type your entire prompt. So in this prompt box, we are going to write what is happening in the video, in the background, the movement of the camera, her facial expressions, the way she talks, and also the script, what she is saying. So everything can be included here. So for example, we can say something like, That woman is walking on the snow while holding her selfie camera. Natural movements. You can also describe what you hear. Her footsteps walking through the snow can be heard. She is saying, and then here, I usually like to write, with her American accent, because sometimes if I don't write American accent, she's going to sound like she has Australian accent, which is not what I want. So I'm going to write, she's saying with her American accent in a soft way. And now I'm going to write in quotation marks something like, Is this Maddie? Now the reason I write Maddie like this is because it pronounces it better. Or is it a real me? Then we can close it, and we can add something like, And then she pauses and cleans the snow from her eyelashes with her other hand. Her nails are in long, light pink. You can also add this detail. And we can also write something like, The snow in one move from her eyelashes with her other hand. Her nails are long, light pink. And then she continues by saying, I guess we'll never know. She smiles at the end. Cold breath is visible. Is coming through her mouth while she speaks. And that's it. We have pretty much entire script ready. And this is if you want to do it manually. Now one thing that is very important to mention here is that you can add multiple scenes, okay? So what will happen is that for every scene, the video itself will be 8 seconds long. So this kind of script that we just wrote here, she's going to be able to read it under 8 seconds. If you have a much longer script, I would say more than 25 words, then you probably want to split your script into multiple scenes, okay? And then the software is going to stitch all scenes together. However, what I noticed is that it's not the best when it comes to keeping the facial features the same from scene to scene. So what I like to do if I have a longer script that I know it's going to take more than 8 seconds for her to say, I would just generate multiple times with scene 1 and then just stitch it together inside CapCut. Okay? I hope that makes sense. So now once we have the script ready, I think it's pretty solid. We are going to, or you can also copy-paste it if you want to run it twice just to see a result twice. So this is what I usually do. I just copy-paste the script, I click Generate Video, and then I go back to it, and I basically repeat the same process, and then I choose the one that I like better. Now this was manually done. If you want the help from our Done For You Master Prompt, you can also do that. So if you go to Lip Sync Tier 4 for VEO 3.1, inside our Done For You document, you can copy this entire Master Prompt to Chat GPT, and together with this, he's going to ask you about the image and the script that you want for your character to say. Okay? So we are going to upload the same image here, and we are going to say what we want her to say. So I want her to say, is this Maddie, or is it real me? And then I want her to pause, clean the snow from her eyelashes with her hand that has long, light pink nails, and continue to say, I guess we'll never know. It's a selfie. She's walking on the snow. It's cold outside. And now we basically said what we want to happen in this photo, and now it's going to give us an entire prompt. So we go back to Hey Jen, Apps, See All, VEO 3.1, choose the image that you want to use, go back here, we are going to copy-paste this entirely, paste it here, generate video, and I'm just going to generate it one more time. So we have two videos from our manual work and two videos with our Done For You prompt, so we can compare which one was the best. Now while we wait all this to generate, just a few things to mention is that sometimes with VEO 3.1, the teeth are not going to be 100% clear as they are with the method that we use from photo to video. However, you can add all the movements that you want and all the emotions that you want and the actions that you want, and it's going to sync it pretty much perfect all the time. Another thing to mention is that this kind of lip sync method is more expensive than others. So you really have to think if this is something that is worth it to you or not. I mean, it's still not too bad, but compared to, for example, Kling, it's probably much more expensive. So let's see what we got. I mean, this is perfect already. The only downside is that she didn't really wipe the snow from her eyelashes. Let's see the next one. Okay, this again, very natural, very good, aside the part of cleaning the snow from the eyelashes. I mean, this one was a little bit better. And let's see the last one. I guess we'll never know. I mean, everything is pretty much perfect in all four of them, but you can just see that sometimes when you want some specific movement to be done, like literally taking the snow from the eyelashes, the AI software still struggles a bit. But I'm sure that if I keep trying again, maybe refining prompts a bit, it's going to do it eventually. However, with this kind of models that are more expensive, I would just suggest to keep it simple, because if you just look at the movement and everything that is happening, the way the voice sounds, the way the background sounds, the way how she looks like while she talks, I feel like this is pretty much spot on, like super, super realistic. Like, you can hear when she breathes, you can hear the footsteps in the snow, you can see the eyebrows rise, and it's pretty, pretty natural. Now, it also works pretty well when your avatar is further away from the camera. I can show you this one. And then you can even make her say whatever you want, like, do you like matcha? Like, it's pretty good. And that's it. Hope you find it useful.


</details>

## 🔗 Resources

- [Sign up to HeyGen here](https://www.heygen.com/?sid=rewardful&via=aica)

