# Name - Make Your Name Work

> **Module:** PROFILE SETUP
> **Original URL:** https://www.skool.com/aica/classroom/d51f68da?md=345af1822f77404d94cd50a0488718f1
> **Has Video:** ✅

---

## Content

Name - Make Your Name Work - PROFILE SETUP · AI Creator Academy™

## 🎬 Video Transcript

<details>
<summary>Click to expand transcript</summary>

When it comes to your name, this is pretty much straightforward. You just have to either put your name if you are having your AI twin, or if you have your AI avatar, you should put your avatar's name. If you are a brand, you should put your brand name. And then what I would suggest, it's not something you have to do at all, but it's just something I really like to see or I like to do myself, is to add a vertical bar and then after that put something like, who am I. I wanted to label myself as AI creator coach in the beginning because I wanted to be a content creator who teaches other people how to do AI content creation. So that's why in the beginning when I created my account, I put Maddie in my name, vertical bar, and then AI creator coach. And now after Aika was live for some time, I decided to put Aika founder. The reason I didn't put it immediately from day one since Aika was founded is simply because Aika was brand new and it wasn't known so much in the beginning. But now after some time of Aika being live, I feel like it's suitable to have it there. Look just at Aika, what happened in the first two months. The brand is becoming so strong and so recognizable that we don't really need to say that this is AI creator academy because everybody knows what Aika is and what Aika stands for. So that's why now I have in my bio, Maddie, vertical bar, and then Aika founder. So now in your case, you have to come up with your own, who are you? If you have to label yourself with a single word or with two words, what would it be? What are you trying to achieve with your account? What is it that you want your people to perceive you as? Who do you want to be known for? So basically, this is your label, how you want to label yourself. But listen, this is not something you have to do at all. You can just keep your name and that's it. But if you want to add something, now again, that's not something I can help you with or give you the exact answer because this is something you have to figure out for yourself. I was thinking of giving you some examples, but I think that would just limit your creativity. A lot of you are much more creative than me. But anyway, now you have to, or I mean, you don't have to. It's just something I think is a nice touch to personal profiles that you are trying to build or personal brands to put your tag who you are. So immediately, if somebody, for example, wants to search for AI digital marketing, if you have that in your name, you will come up in the search bar more on top. But this is not the main reason why we do it. The main reason why we do it is when somebody discovers you and they see you, they will see your profile picture, username, and name first. And we want that profile picture, username, and name to speak clearly and directly who you are and what you are about. So they can immediately know who you are or what you can help with without actually even reading your bio or checking your highlights. I think this is a nice little touch because today's attention span of people is very, very short. And if you don't give them information fast and in a simple way, they will be confused. Even now, I'm trying to use my very, very simple language to explain some things. And I'm 100% sure that out of thousands of people listening to this, there will be people confused on what you have to do. And that's totally normal. It doesn't mean that something is wrong with you. It just means that it's maybe some new subject you have never heard of, or it's a new idea you never really thought about. So this is the same with other people. When they come to your profile, you want to make sure to give them grade five level information. You don't want things to be overcomplicated. You want things clean and simple because most people work like that, okay? So if you are putting, for example, AI content strategist and expert, this is just so complicated that it just sounds so bad. You want to put something clear and simple. Actually, let me give you a few examples so you can see what I mean by clean and simple. It can be AI coach, AI creator, AI content creator, whatever. It just has to be simple. AI digital marketer, AI faceless, faceless AI. Those are just some of the ideas that I would probably go with some of those, or it can be even AI creator coach like I had. So please, when you are coming up with your name or name extension, make sure that it speaks about what you are about. And if you're building a brand and you are not building a personal brand, then of course, having your brand name inside your name should probably be enough. For example, for Nike, they don't have to put Nike and then vertical bar and then athletic footwear and apparel. For them, it's enough to put just Nike, right? Simply because everybody knows what they are about. So I hope this is clear and simple. Make sure that everything is in sync, okay? Now let's talk about profile picture.


</details>

