# Bio - Words That Sell

> **Module:** PROFILE SETUP
> **Original URL:** https://www.skool.com/aica/classroom/d51f68da?md=22f1b5bfd4d84f94a41b33f130ab8e65
> **Has Video:** ✅

---

## Content

Bio - Words That Sell - PROFILE SETUP · AI Creator Academy™

## 🎬 Video Transcript

<details>
<summary>Click to expand transcript</summary>

Your bio is like, almost like your resume. If username is good, if profile picture is good, if name is good, then this is the next thing they will check. They will see what you are about. So the way I like to structure my bio is to make sure that the first line is actually not about me, it's about what I do. Because when people are scrolling through your reels, especially if you are talking about making money online with AI digital marketing, with your AI avatars or AI twins, and they find your reels curious and they click on your profile, they don't really care who you are, they care what you do or how what you do can help them. At least that's how I see it, okay? So what you wanna put in the first line is who you are helping, or basically give them a reason why they would be interested in you. So in my case, I'm helping women sell Faceless with AI avatars, or you can write this in another way, helping women create AI avatars to sell Faceless. So this is my target audience. I don't know what yours is, this is something you will have to figure out for yourself. But I wanted to put in my first line something that can immediately speak to my target audience so they immediately know who I am for, why I am creating content, why I am here. So if they want what I'm offering, they will follow me and eventually they will become a customer. That's why I've been able to make so much money with only 12,000 followers, right? Because my messaging is super clear, it's not confusing. Now in the second line, this is something that you can either say something about yourself or you can put your results. In my case, I decided to use second and third line to put my results. In the second one, I have creator of ICA and then the number of students. And then in the third one, I have my own personal result, 100K in 45 days. You can put your own results, for example, made 1K in 20 days or whatever your result is. Now, if you don't have your results yet, you can put your mission, like your mission statement. What is your goal? What are you about? Or you can put something about yourself. By the way, if you don't have results yet, you can also put something about yourself in the first line and then in the second line, who you are helping. Because sometimes if you don't have results yet that you can show and then you write in the first line who you are helping without actually any proof that what you can help them with is working, maybe it would be a smarter idea to just say who you are. And then in the second line, who you are here for or your mission, okay? I hope this makes sense. And then on the third line, or in my case, the fourth line, I usually do CTA or call to action. So in this case, it's start here. If you have some kind of promo, discount or whatever, then I would just put a little bit more urgency there, but I just like to keep it short and simple. So overall, when it comes to bio, it's all about the structure. It's all about who you are talking to and also showing some kind of proof or telling who you are. Few more important things when it comes to bio, you need to use very simple language because a lot of people find it easier to digest information if it's super easy to read, if it's super easy to understand. So that's why my bio, I feel like it's super, super simple, super straightforward. The only difficult word that I might have could be faceless. However, I feel like in the last couple of years, faceless as a word already became very popular, especially because my target audience are faceless creators, so they will know what it is about. The second difficult version might be avatar or AI avatar, but since they find my profile through AI content, I feel like this should be there because this is actually what I'm helping them with, okay? So make sure to not use any complicated words to keep it simple and structured. Next thing, I always like to have my bio structured as either as a pyramid looking bio or as all lines the same length. So what I mean by that is, as you can see here, my first line is the longest, the second one is a bit shorter, then the third one is even shorter, and then the fourth one is the shortest. So this is a pyramidal bio structure. You can also do it differently. You can put the first line the shortest, second one medium length, and then the third one the longest. I feel like this is way better than if you have totally random looking bio because it's just harder to read. And as we already said, people have very short attention span. They find your profile maybe when they were on their way to work or on the toilet or in some line waiting for someone. So they only have maybe a couple of seconds when they click on your profile for you to convince them whether they want to follow you or not. So if your bio is all over the place, if your username is super weird, if your profile picture doesn't speak about who you are, if your name doesn't say who you are, they will just skip past and they will not follow you. So that's why I wanna make sure that inside profile optimization, you get super, super clear on what you have to do and how your profile should look like because you only have a certain amount of seconds for people to actually decide to follow you, right? So this is extremely important. Sometimes putting more is not always better. As a matter of fact, when it comes to selling anything, usually removing information is what's going to sell more. So sometimes I always have to remind myself whenever I wanna add something on a landing page, I always remind myself, no, it's not about adding, it's about removing. So the faster you can help people realize or help them understand what you sell or how what you sell can help them, the faster you can make money. So more information is not better, okay? So please keep that in mind. And then of course, below that, you have your link because the entire bio is structured in a way that all leads to people clicking the link or people clicking follow, okay? So for example, in the beginning, instead of link, maybe you can put follow me for more info or follow me for whatever. And then when you get a couple of followers, you can put your link, okay? But since we are in the niche that is exploding, I would advise you to always have your link there and all CTA inside bio be structured in a way for them to actually click the link in your bio or send you some kind of trigger word. So this is something you can also create. It can also be very good. You can either send people directly to your link below. For example, I have start here and then an arm emoji pointing down, or you can say DM me AI for more info. So both variations work. You can test it out for yourself what you like more. And that's pretty much it. So that's about bio. And now in the next one, let's talk about highlights.


</details>

