# Highlights - Your Brand’s Trailer

> **Module:** PROFILE SETUP
> **Original URL:** https://www.skool.com/aica/classroom/d51f68da?md=244354f13a3b41e0a0272d1c2962eb74
> **Has Video:** ✅

---

## Content

Highlights - Your Brand’s Trailer - PROFILE SETUP · AI Creator Academy™

## 🎬 Video Transcript

<details>
<summary>Click to expand transcript</summary>

Highlights are super important, but secondary. So first things, you need to make sure that your profile picture is on point, that your username is on point, your name is on point, and your bio is on point, OK? So if all this is on point, then you actually have a chance for them to be curious about your highlights. Usually people won't look at it right away. They will probably, if everything is fine in the first glance at your profile, they will click Follow. And then maybe next time when you pop within their feed with something interesting on your stories, then if they see that, OK, I'm actually interested in what they have to offer, then they will go and check your highlights. This is what usually people do before they purchase anything from anyone online, especially on social media. I don't know about you, but I personally always check highlights and see what is there. I want to get more info about the product, not just from the websites, but also from maybe some people who this person is sharing, from maybe some kind of FAQs, and so on. So when it comes to highlights, you need to have different sections, different things that you want to cover in your highlights. Again, look at your profile as a landing page. So basically, everything that we have on the landing page, you should have some kind of variation inside your highlights. So first thing I think you should have is a Start Here button or a Start Here highlight. And here you should start filling information about who you are, why you do what you do, and basically give them some kind of insight into yourself or why you do what you do. So for example, in my highlights, I have things that not only talks about me, but also talk about my systems and how what I do can actually help them and how simple it is. I show them creation process and so on. So this is inside Start Here. Next thing I feel like it's important is to have your product, so in my case, ICA. And here inside this highlight, I always fill it up with information about ICA, what is happening with ICA, how we are progressing, some new updates, new lessons, price updates, and so on. So this is basically about the product of ICA, what ICA offers. Next thing I have is Results. So inside the Result tab or highlight, I like to put all my personal results, so all the notifications that I'm sharing on my stories, all the money that I made from a day before, all these stories where basically I share my results when it comes to making money online, growing on social media, getting notifications about sales, cashing out, like all this stuff that are my personal wins, not from the clients, not from any of you guys. It's just my personal results, OK? The next one I have, Growth. This is something that is actually interesting because sometimes people can be a little bit doubtful about any of your numbers if you don't document your journey from the beginning. So here I like to document about numbers when it comes to Instagram growth and story views. So it's this kind of stuff that are easily trackable on social media. I don't necessarily put there anything related to ICA or anything related to any other growth other than my Instagram growth. Then the next one I have, AI Flex. This is something I like to have here simply because I want to show people the variations, what kind of different avatars or twin other people are making, how good we can make them. And basically here I share all the stories that you guys tag me in. So whenever people are scrolling through my account and my highlights, they can see so many different variations that it's not only me who is an iAvatar, but they can see all of you guys. So this is something you can also use. Maybe I have a little bit of an advantage here that all of you guys are tagging me simply because I am the creator of AI Creator Academy, but it's also helping you with visibility. So it's win-win for everyone. As you heard inside three-day Kickstart module, some of you even made your first sales after I shared your profile on my stories. But you can always use results or testimonials from everyone within IKA inside Avatar Flex tab. So these are the things that I would advise you then to share in this highlight tab if you want to follow my highlight strategy, okay? So simply because we want to show variation, we want to show how good other people are doing too. It's not about us only, it's about how other people are doing as well. And then the last one I have is students, or you could also name it testimonials. So here is something I share that is all about achievements of you guys, your social media growth, your testimonials about making money, your stories that you tag me about social media growth or making money, your testimonials inside IKA, inside the wins channel. So basically everything that has to do with students' wins, students' testimonials. So whether it's a follower number, views number, or making money. So this is extremely important because sometimes people, if they find IKA through you, maybe they will not connect with you. They will not resonate with you. But if they see other people winning as well, maybe they will connect and they will think, okay, if it's possible for so many people, maybe it's possible for me too. Okay, I'm in. So it is extremely important to not only talk about ourselves and our own achievements, but also about the achievements of other people. Because when people are coming to your profile and are maybe curious about what you do, if you only talk about yourself, it's going to be different than if you talk about other people as well. Because if you just talk about yourself, they will be like, of course she's talking about herself. She want to flex. She want to, or he wants to show that this product works for them. But if this product worked for other people as well, now this is a totally different story. Then they will see, okay, it's working for this person. It's working for that person. It's working for this avatar. It's working for this one, this one, that one. Okay, maybe it can work for me. Because if it worked for so many other people, then maybe it can work for me. And that's why we share results. And that's why having WinsTab always full with new results is so powerful. It's not just because if I put inside WinChannel my result, this will not help me, it will only help you guys. No, it's not about that. We have to think about, okay, I want to show and share as much wins as I can all the time because this will not just help other people. But if I do it, other people will do it as well. And then I can use their results and this will help me. So it's basically like a mutual, unofficial agreement that all the wins that we share are helping everyone else, if that makes sense. And I think this is very important. So for example, inside WinChannel, you can always share things like, this is how much I made yesterday. This is how much I made in the last week. This is how much I made in the last month. This is how much I made in the sleep. Okay, these are the leads that I got when I was, I don't know, shopping. This is the notification sale I got when I was, for example, in the gym or stuff like that. This kind of results are so powerful and we have them every single day, but we don't always share this. Also, it doesn't only have to be about the money. You can share any new milestone when it comes to real views, maybe new follower milestone, like maybe you've hit your first 1,000 followers, your first 10,000 followers, your first 100,000 real, your first 10,000 real. So all these are achievements that is actually very, very good to share. And not just on your stories, but within the community as well. And this has been one of my huge things when it comes to why I believe I've been able to make so much money is because I have been sharing every single win of mine, every single one, every single new follower milestone, every single new story views milestone. Every single day I shared how much I made day before. In the beginning when I didn't make any money, I was sharing about leads. I was sharing about views. I was sharing about comments, okay? So there are so many wins that you can actually share about, even if you don't make any money. And then there are also other people who you can use as testimonials within Aka. You have full right to do that, except if people specifically mention in their post to not use their name, then of course you will hide their name, okay? So this is extremely important. And when it comes to highlights, I feel like five, six different highlight tabs is crucial for people to know more about your product, more about what you do. You can even keep it more simple, more concise than I do. You can maybe have one for start here, another one for testimonials, and another one for your products, okay? This is also an option. But you can also add even one more, maybe FAQs. So for example, for frequently asked questions, what you know that people are asking, you can put that inside. Or you can put our done for you frequently asked questions story sequence that you already have inside Aka under done for you power box, and you can use that on your story. But anyway, please think about your profile as your landing page, not as your profile. Don't think about, huh, look at me. Think about, okay, how would I do can help other people? Because nobody cares about you. I know this is hard to hear and hard to say, but it's just truth. Nobody cares about you. They don't know you. They just came across your profile by accident, and they like something about you. That's why they went on your profile. So when they went on your profile, you want to convince them to follow you. This is step number one. After they follow you, you want to convince them to stay on your profile through your stories and through your continuous content. And then through that, you are basically nurturing your audience, showing what's possible not just for you, but for other people as well within your community, within your products, and so on. And then after maybe a seventh time when they see your stuff, after maybe 15th time they see your stuff, they will say, okay, if it worked for her or him, it's going to work for me as well. And one thing you guys have big advantage over me is you are affiliates. And being an affiliate is extremely powerful because you can always pitch your product as, I didn't even have to create it, I just plug and play it and it works for me. And usually people know that products works very well for owners. But there are very few products out there that works very well for affiliates as well. And we have over 300 affiliates at the moment of recording this who already made their money with Ika. Some from $100 and some up to tens of thousands of dollars. So being an affiliate of a product or a brand that is actually on a very good voice, it's always moving forward, it's actually extremely powerful because nobody can connect with me. Nobody can connect with the fact that I've made 180K in two months. Nobody will even believe that at first. But everybody can connect with, I started this, I got this product, I didn't even have to create it, and in the first 20 days, I made $300. This is something people can connect with. And this is something people will believe much faster that it's possible for them than when they see my testimonial. That's why on the landing page, I never even want to put my current numbers. I always keep my old numbers, what I did in the first nine days. Maybe this will change in the future, but for now, we keep it like that because this is something people can connect to much more. About this stuff, we will talk more about inside the Sleep Selling module as well. This module was only designed to help you optimize your profile, so everything is in sync. I really hope this module helped you. If you have any questions, feel free to ask me. And if there are some things that maybe I left out or didn't explain too well, feel free to ask inside the community under the Help section, and I will be happy to help you there, okay? So thank you so much, and I'll see you in the next one.


</details>

