# Infinite Video

> **Module:** IMAGE TO VIDEO
> **Original URL:** https://www.skool.com/aica/classroom/3e70e55d?md=a0377f8b49324a2e84fedcf8e32e4911
> **Has Video:** ✅

---

## Content

In the video, I created the images using Nano Banana. The new **Nano Banana PRO** looks even more realistic, so make sure to use that one instead.

## 🎬 Video Transcript

<details>
<summary>Click to expand transcript</summary>

As you know, most image-to-video models can only create videos up to 8, 10, or 12 seconds as of now. So in this lesson, I'm going to show you how to actually create unlimited-length videos, without cuts, so everything is smooth and seamless. In order to do that, first, of course, you'll have to create your images. In this video, I'm just going to show you a very simple example. How I would do it in terms of technique, what the procedure looks like. Then, I'm going to show you two of the results I already created, so you can see how it looks when you use it. Maybe just a little bit more time is needed in order to create what you want. So first things first, what we're going to do, I'm using Nano Banana as my image model, and I'm using my reference image. So for the reference image, this is my reference image. We're going to choose 9 by 16, and now we're going to increase the number of images to 4. This is usually how I like to do it. Now we're going to start typing the prompts. For the purposes of this video, I'm going to keep it very short and simple. Just to show you the technique behind it, how to actually do it. And then I'll show you some complex versions. First of all, you have to think about your start frame. What you want one of your frames to actually be. So let's say we want to create Maddie in her kitchen. Let's say she is in her modern luxury kitchen, holding a glass of juice in her hand. She has a light pink Nike t-shirt, long light pink nails, hair in a ponytail, half body image, smiling to the camera. So let's try something like that and see what we get. One thing you have to make sure of here is that whenever you're creating transitions, you need to make sure your character's facial features are visible. Because the video model that we're going to use later on can only work with what you give it. It doesn't have data on your character or anything else. It only has the data you actually give it as a picture. Okay, this is very natural. I don't really like the t-shirt. It's kind of baggy, but okay. I like this one. This is very cute. I'm just going to add fitted t-shirt to make it look more feminine. Let's see what we got. Okay, this is already much better. Cute. Solid. Nice. I'm going to use this one actually, or maybe this one. It looks like a selfie, which is not really what we wanted. So I'm going to use this one. I'm going to save it, and now we are going to remove this reference image, and we are going to add our recently saved reference image. Now you can start playing with it, what you want your next scene to be, or what you want your previous scene to be. So let's say you want her now to be in the living room. So we can write something like, that woman is in her modern luxury living room with that glass of juice. Let's see what we're going to get. All right, I think this one is fine. So we can save this one as well. And we can also write something like, that woman is in her modern luxury balcony, no glass of juice. As you noticed, I used the first initial image, not the last one, because I always try to keep the same reference image to create multiple scenes that we are going to later stitch together. If you keep switching the image within the reference box, maybe you will get slight differences in facial characteristics, but also in clothes as well. So we want to keep everything coming from one image. Okay, I think this is super natural. Of course, you can always change the pose. You can do whatever you want. For example, we can write something like full body image, and you can also use that. I'm just doing it very, very simple, so you can actually see later on inside the video model how this is going to work when we stitch them together. One thing that is very important to mention, for example, if I use this image now, which is pretty amazing, look at her leggings, okay? The color of the leggings, or this one, or that one. Since we didn't specify, it basically created random results. So for example, if I use this image, and then for her to come to the kitchen to pick up the juice, let's say, I think we chose this one, right? The leggings are not really visible, but if she's going to pick up the juice and then go to her living room, and this is going to be the image, you can see that she's wearing black here. So you can either crop it, or emphasize in the full body image that she's wearing black leggings, okay? So we can say something like, full body image, she is wearing black leggings. This will create much more realistic transitions, because whatever you don't specify, the image is going to be recreated on its own. So if you want to keep some stuff the same, make sure you add it inside the prompt box. Okay, this is much better now. Okay, so I'm going to use this one. Now when we have three images, we can stitch them together. So now you will go to Video, choose Cling 2.1, and here you have Start and End Frame. In the Start Frame, you are going to choose the image you want your video to start with. So let's say we want this one. And then in the End Frame, you upload how you want your video to end, or where you want your video to end. So we can either choose this in the kitchen, or this in the living room. I'm going to choose this in the kitchen. It would be ideal if she's actually standing. It looks a little bit like she's sitting next to the kitchen counter. But okay, let's see what we're going to get. Now you can either write with your own words what you want to happen. For example, a woman is getting inside her apartment and she is taking a glass of juice from the counter. Always specify the camera movement. Otherwise, it's going to create something on its own. Camera handheld with visible motion. This is what I use most of the time for natural feel. Depending on the complexity, how long it actually takes from one scene to another, you can choose whether to use 5 seconds or 10 seconds. For this scene, whenever I'm trying to create this kind of stuff, I usually do both, and then just pick the one that works the best. So let's say I take this one and I also go with the 10 seconds. Of course, if you want more professionally structured prompts, you can use our Done For You prompts. But here, for the purposes of this video, I'm just using very, very simple ones. Negative prompts seem less important now, simply because video models are getting better and better. Now, since we stopped on the kitchen part, right? You can click this button, and this will basically switch them. So now the end frame becomes the start frame. Here, for the end frame, we are going to delete this one and upload the one where we have our character in the next phase. So this is going to be in the living room. Now we can write something like, Maddie is walking to her living room with that glass of juice. Camera handheld with visible motion. I think five seconds is probably enough, but let's make both anyway. Now we can switch again, delete the last frame, and now the first frame becomes our last frame. You can keep adding new frames and basically create an entire sequence of however long you want your video to be. Or you can just end it here. Or you can use the last frame to do something. For example, a woman takes a sip of that juice and then she puts the glass on the table. She then goes to sit on her sofa and watch TV. We can keep camera handheld with visible motion. Since this has a bit more action, probably 10 seconds is going to be better, but we'll make both anyway. Let's see what we got for the first one. So this is five seconds. She's coming inside the apartment, grabbing the juice. See? It's pretty solid. Let's see the longer one. Okay, glancing at the view, coming inside the apartment, walking, taking the glass of juice. There she is. It's a bit longer. I feel like the first version is probably better here, much more realistic. Sometimes what can happen is that due to these transitions, the face can change a little bit. As you can see in the longer version, here she's a little different than she should be. But overall, I think it's pretty good. You can always clip the clips a little bit if you need. Let's see what we got next. Okay, she's going to the living room. Okay, nothing much happens, but that's simply because the first frame and end frame were in pretty much the same position. And the kitchen and living room were very close together, right? Let's see the longer version. Okay, she took a bit of time. It's a little bit slow motion, but you can easily fix that in CapCut by speeding it up. I think this is solid too. Pretty solid. Now, in this example of the video, I used all the images where Maddie is looking directly at the camera. Of course, you can make it more cinematic where some frames are of her from a long distance or super close up or from behind and so on. You can really get creative with this kind of technique in order to create unlimited length videos without visible cuts. Although you will see that some cuts are not going to be as smooth 100%, like a video made from one clip, you'll see what I mean later. Let's see the last two. Okay, she's leaving the juice on the table. Yeah, I mean, we didn't have the end frame here, so she just sat somewhere. We specified sofa, but okay. Let's see the longer version. Now she's doing it. She took the sip and she's going, going, going. Sits on the sofa and watches TV. I think this is awesome. We can save that one. Now I'm going to show you when we stitch all of them together how this actually looks. So if you go to CapCut, new project, we're going to import these three videos. This is the first one. This is the second one. And this is the third one. Let's see the entire clip. And that's it. You basically got like 20 seconds of pretty much uncut footage. We can see that the transition between the first and second is much smoother compared to the one between the second and third. To make it even more natural, it would probably be better if we used the second frame, for example, this one, where she actually doesn't look at the camera, but maybe drinks the juice here. Then use that image as the end frame. Let's see how it looks. But maybe drinks the juice here. Then use that image as a start frame for this video, because in the entirety of this video, she doesn't look at the camera, which means our facial consistency is not important. So we can even use that frame as the first frame of this video, if that makes sense. Otherwise, she's always going to be looking at the camera, then not looking, then looking again, then not looking again. You know what I mean. So maybe that middle part, she doesn't have to look at the camera the entire time if you're planning not to show her face in the end frame. Okay? So this is actually the technique, how you do it. I think it's super, super useful. Probably not useful to actually create unlimited length videos because no one is going to watch an uncut video the entire time unless you have some kind of voiceover or lip sync. But even if you do, probably adding cuts every few seconds would be better for engagement. For example, we could also write something like, in this video, she's walking and talking. In this video, she's also walking and talking. And this one, also walking and talking. Then you can basically create a lip sync of 20 seconds and have her talk the entire time in this video. That could actually be very interesting and very good. But if you just have an uncut video scene, it's not really as useful to get more watch time. But it's very useful to know this trick. Now that you know this, I just want to show you two examples of how I actually use these tools or techniques to create my reels. There's one reel I just uploaded. It's basically a ring-to-car keys transition where I created a prompt to get this image. And then out of this image, I created this image. That would be start frame and end frame here. Then I also created this image and stitched them all together. Let me show you how this looks. So first, I created this. You see? If I show you the first frame, it's that image. And the end frame, it's that image. Then I used another set of first and end images to create this. The first image is now the last from the second one, from the last reel I showed you. And the end frame is this one. And when you stitch them together, it looks something like this. And it continues to the final frame. So this is actually one trend where she's kind of happy for the ring or can't believe it. And it's not actually the ring. She did it. It's actually the ring. She didn't get engaged. It's actually the key from the Porsche. And one more example that I often use. When you want to do not stitching clips, but just use start and end frame in order to showcase something. For example, I just hit 300K on Standstore. I'm probably not going to use this video as my reel, but I just created it here to show you how simple this is. So we have this image. It starts here. And then we have men coming with a 300K sign. This technique is very useful for these kinds of clips where you want to reveal something on a beat drop and so on. I find it very useful. As you can see on the first frame, I have this image. And I use this image to create that image. I also have another example, a five-second video. Much quicker, but it's doing the same thing. The prompt for this kind of video is very simple. It's just, she's happy, posing. Men are coming next to her with balloons. Camera handheld, goes back, and this is it. So this is basically how you do it. Now get creative. Use it for whatever purposes you want. It is a little time-consuming, and sometimes you do have to generate a couple of times when you want to create something. But it's not actually that complicated. So I hope this video helps, and I'm looking forward to seeing what you create.


</details>

