# Motion Sync

> **Module:** IMAGE TO VIDEO
> **Original URL:** https://www.skool.com/aica/classroom/3e70e55d?md=45e430fb5d5e4658ba409ff0499d596e
> **Has Video:** ✅

---

## Content

[Try here](https://openart.ai/home?via=aica)

Important: 

If you’re putting a video on top of another video, mute one of them so the audio doesn’t overlap.💕

## 🎬 Video Transcript

<details>
<summary>Click to expand transcript</summary>

Let me show you how to do a Motion Sync. So that is when you see a video that you want your AI avatar to recreate, basically to mimic the movement of your model based on the original video. Now this can be used for dance videos, for cool transition videos like before or afters, or singing videos, or lip sync videos, or any kind of stuff that you want your AI model to recreate. So it's actually really, really simple. All you have to do is go to Open Art and then go to Video. Once you are there, click Motion Sync Video. And now here you will choose Kling 2.6 as a model. You will have to upload the original video that you want your avatar to mimic, okay? So you can download any video you see online on TikTok or Instagram through any free real downloaders or whatever they're called. If you just go to Google search, I'm pretty sure the first one that pops up will be free to download. Once you have the video ready, you can just select Video, Upload, and upload one of these videos. So I have three videos as an example here. So let's start with the first one. And then what you basically want to do is upload a similar image as a start frame that the software is going to use in order to recreate this video. So let me just show you what I mean. This is the original video. Okay, so you can see that she's visible half body up and basically her hands are visible. So usually when her hands are visible, especially her nails, what I like to do is upload an image where her hands or nails are also visible so they can stay consistent throughout the entire video. So in this example, I'm going to upload this image. And if you see, she's visible half body up and her hands and nails are visible. That way, once your video is done, your character will keep those nails or jewelry or whatever you put inside this image once she recreates the movement. But for example, if her hands are not visible here, since we have an original video where the hands are visible, it's basically going to generate probably random nails or random jewelry. So once you've done that, I always keep original sound on, motion reference control exact, and video mode on pro. Now you can also write some prompt here. Honestly, I didn't play too much with it. What I would recommend is that if you are doing this kind of videos, don't have too much action in the background because sometimes it can mess it up. Doing it with a still background where there is not much movement gives much less room for error. So once you upload that, you just click create and that's pretty much it. I'm just going to do it twice for the purposes of this video. And let's go to the next one. Now let's choose this video and based on the video, we will decide what kind of base image to use. So as we can see here, this is a transition video, which means you will have to upload twice with two different images that you want to use as a before and after. In this example, we're going to upload this. And I just found one image that I like, which is this one. And I just use that image to create this image. So we have like before and after, like at home and getting ready to go out. The hands here don't really have to be exactly like that. It's just an image that I wanted to use. You can totally choose some random image that you already have from the past. I'm just using this one because it is a half body image and because it was a good image I had from before that I could use as a before image. If the video starts with a face close-up, you don't want to upload a full body image. Or if it starts with a full body image, you don't want to upload only the face because then the system doesn't have data of what your avatar or character is wearing, for example, and it's going to be random. Since this is a transition, we're going to need before and after. So this is going to be our before image. One thing to keep in mind is that the longer the reference video is, the more credits it's going to take. Then let's go for the after effect with the same video so we can use it as a before after once we edit it. Again, let's go twice. Usually it's going to be fine on the first try if the movement in the video is not too complicated. I would definitely advise not trying to mimic movements that are too complex because everything that is too fast or too precise is going to struggle. Now let's go to the last one. We have a full body image outside and the reason I picked that one is because I want to show you the limitations a little bit. For this example, we're also going to choose a full body image. Let's click create and now we wait. While we are waiting, I can show you some of the previous ones that I made. As you can see, there should be a middle finger here at the end. You can see it in the reference video, but since this is a very precise movement, sometimes the system is going to struggle. And this was the image that I uploaded. The reason I chose this image is because her nails are visible. I didn't recreate this image specifically for this video. I just had it in my data from before. So you don't really need to create new images for this kind of motion sync videos. You can just use the ones you already have. The reason I picked this one is because she has long light pink nails and I wanted that to be visible in the video as well. Let me show you the next one. As you can see, it's on point. And that was the reference image used for this video. After like five or six minutes, let's see what we got. As you can see, it's already perfect on the first try. As you can see, it's already perfect on the first try. Let's check the second one. Again, perfect. Let's see the ones where we want to do a transition. Awesome! Let's go to the second one. Now, just to show you, this person already did three or four fast cuts after the transition. These fast cuts after your motion sync video is done, I would suggest doing manually by clicking on the video. I would suggest doing manually by creating videos from your after image, like her sending a kiss or posing or going through her hair, and then stitching it together in CapCut. Because if you just do it here after the transition, it can be a little bit weird and stiff. After these transitions, it's a bit weird. Let's go to the second one. And let's see the last one. Here you can see a small limitation. She's starting very far away from the camera and then coming closer. Since our start frame had her head framed higher, when she comes closer, her head ends up too high. In this example, choosing an image where she's a little bit further away would look better. But then you have another issue where if she's too far away, you don't have a lot of facial details for the software. I just want to show you the positives, negatives, and limitations. You can do a lot, but every video is different. So try to think ahead about what could go wrong so you can prevent it. And that's pretty much it. Very straightforward. You don't have to recreate new images. You can just use the ones you already have. Unless the video you want to recreate starts with a very specific pose or movement, then you want to recreate that exact pose on the image you upload. I can show you the example here. Here he starts the video with three fingers up. So when I uploaded random image, I didn't get good results. But when I upload the exactly the same image as his start frame with three fingers up, then I got perfect results. So just keep in mind that more complex movements will make the software struggle. And that has nothing to do with OpenArt. It has to do with Kling 2.6 limitations. Play around with it. I think it's very useful to show the possibilities of AI. And I feel like it's going to be really good in the future for many other cases as well. Enjoy! I can't wait to see what you create. Hope you have fun!


</details>

## 🔗 Resources

- [Try here](https://openart.ai/home?via=aica)

